[docs] Add intro section for Telemetry (#17244)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/guides/telemetry/telemetry.md

Developers widely use MUI X to build highly performant and customized applications.
To further elevate the product experience, and design better features, we aim to gain deeper insights from our users.

So far, we've only been relying on manual ways such as surveys and community engagement to gather feedback. Although valuable, these are inherently limited in reach, capturing only a fraction of our user base.

Telemetry gives us a clearer picture of how MUI X is used in the real world—what features are most helpful, what needs work, and where we should focus next. While community feedback and surveys are valuable, they only tell a part of the story. Telemetry fills in the gaps and helps us make smarter, faster product decisions.

By opting in, you directly contribute to shaping the future of MUI X. You help us build better tools for you and thousands of other developers—without any impact on your production app. And of course, participation is entirely optional and telemetry is off by default.

## What is being collected?

We track the following details anonymously during development mode:

- Unique session ID: This is generated on each run with UUID.

> - General machine information (operating system, version and whether or not the command was run within CI)

Reviewer: We don't collect operating system, version not really, we hash it.

```suggestion
- A hash of general machine information (user agent, machine id, etc).
```

I have created https://github.com/mui/mui-x/pull/17282/files to try to make sense of what we use.

Reviewer: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/User-Agent

> - Package name and version

Reviewer: Clearer?

```suggestion
- Package and version used
```

- License info

> - IP

Reviewer: IP isn't super clear

```suggestion
- IP address
```

> - Timestamp of the event occurrence.

Reviewer: What we use today, maybe we will expand in the future.

```suggestion
- Timestamp of the event occurrence (for example, license key verification)
```

:::info
**Privacy Assurance**: We are committed to maintaining your privacy. All data collected is anonymized, ensuring that no personally identifiable information is gathered. We focus solely on understanding usage patterns to better serve our customers and developer community.
:::

## Telemetry for Pro and Premium components

Telemetry collection is specifically associated with the usage of paid MUI X components, such as the advanced versions of the data grid and date/time pickers. This targeted approach allows us to focus on enhancing the premium features that our subscribers rely on.

## Telemetry in development mode only

> MUI X Telemetry is designed to operate exclusively during development. In production builds of your application, telemetry is entirely removed, ensuring no runtime overhead or data collection in your live environment. This guarantees that your production application's performance and behavior remain unaffected.

Reviewer: We could prove it with linking to http://bundlephobia.com/package/@mui/x-telemetry.

<p class="description">MUI X Telemetry collects anonymous usage data to help improve the library. This guide walk you through how to opt-in, opt-out, and configure telemetry.</p>

## Why is Telemetry collected?

> MUI X is widely used by developers to build highly performant and customizable components. To further elevate the product experience, and design better features, we aim to gain deeper insights from our users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Developers widely use MUI X to build highly performant and customizable applications.
To further improve the product experience and design better features, we aim to gain deeper insights from our users.
```

So far, we've only been relying on manual ways such as surveys and community engagement to gather feedback. Although valuable, these are inherently limited in reach, capturing only a fraction of our user base.

> Telemetry enables us to accurately measure usage patterns at scale, enabling data-driven decision-making that helps us improve the product. While we appreciate the insights this information provides, we also know that not everyone wants to send usage data and you can choose to keep the telemetry disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Telemetry gives us a clearer picture of how MUI X is used in the real world—what features are most helpful, what needs work, and where we should focus next. While community feedback and surveys are valuable, they only tell part of the story. Telemetry fills in the gaps and helps us make smarter, faster product decisions.

By opting in, you directly contribute to shaping the future of MUI X. You help us build better tools for you and thousands of other developers—without any impact on your production app. And of course, participation is entirely optional and telemetry is off by default.
```

## What is being collected?

> We track the following details anonymously:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We track the following details anonymously during development mode:
```

- Unique session ID: This is generated on each run with UUID.
- General machine information (operating system, version and whether or not the command was run within CI)
- Package name and version
- License info
- IP
- Timestamp of the event occurrence.

> 

Reviewer 2: Might even make sense to make it a callout.
```suggestion

**Privacy Assurance**: We are committed to maintaining your privacy. All data collected is anonymized, ensuring that no personally identifiable information is gathered. We focus solely on understanding usage patterns to better serve our customers and developer community.
```

Reviewer 2: Well, regarding privacy. It seems we can't indeed use IP and say it's anonymous.  

https://github.com/mui/mui-private/issues/791

Author: In this case, do you suggest any change?

> ## Opting In

Reviewer 2: Adding two new sections

```suggestion
## Telemetry for Pro and Premium Components

Telemetry collection is specifically associated with the usage of paid MUI X components, such as the advanced versions of the data grid and date/time pickers. This targeted approach allows us to focus on enhancing the premium features that our subscribers rely on.

## Telemetry in Development Mode Only

MUI X Telemetry is designed to operate exclusively during development. In production builds of your application, telemetry is entirely inactive, ensuring no runtime overhead or data collection in your live environment. This guarantees that your production application's performance and behavior remain unaffected.

**Note**: Telemetry is disabled by default. You have full control to opt-in or opt-out as per your preference.

## Opting In
```

By opting in, you directly contribute to shaping the future of MUI X. You help us build better tools for you and thousands of other developers—without any impact on your production app. And of course, participation is entirely optional and telemetry is off by default.

## What is being collected?

We track the following details anonymously during development mode:

- Unique session ID: This is generated on each run with UUID.
- General machine information (operating system, version and whether or not the command was run within CI)
- Package name and version
- License info
- IP
- Timestamp of the event occurrence.

:::info
**Privacy Assurance**: We are committed to maintaining your privacy. All data collected is anonymized, ensuring that no personally identifiable information is gathered. We focus solely on understanding usage patterns to better serve our customers and developer community.
:::

> ## Telemetry for Pro and Premium Components

Author: ```suggestion
## Where does Telemetry apply?
```

Telemetry collection is specifically associated with the usage of paid MUI X components, such as the advanced versions of the data grid and date/time pickers. This targeted approach allows us to focus on enhancing the premium features that our subscribers rely on.

> ## Telemetry in Development Mode Only

Author: ```suggestion
## When does Telemetry apply?
```
